---
layout: post
title:  "Resolution of 2016"
date:   2017-01-06 08:40:48 -0500
categories: blog
---

# 2016 is in the books

Francine and I moved to Kenya, and worked at a hospital, and had a baby here. Those are probably the biggest notes we will remember for this year. The work has been interesting, the people more so, and the experience has been good for us. I'm not sure what we're going to do in 2017.

My resolution was to eat vegetarian every Friday. It was really easy to do, and I think I only failed once (after flying 35 hours to Kenya, I'd forgotten what day it was). The real reason I made this resolution was to have a single, specific day I had to say no on. I really like food, and I like eating, so I thought giving up meat all year would be hard, and for me a baby step was to have one day a week where I couldn't. If I was invited over to dinner I had to tell my host I was vegetarian, if I was at a great resturant on friday, I had to eat vegetarian. It was good for me, anything to help combat the awful gluttony that's always knocking at my door.

For 2017, I've made a plethora of resolutions:

* No adding salt to things (it's fine when cooking, but once a meal's arrived, I should eat it as is)
* No caffeinne (This produced 2 days of headaches at the start of the year (even after cutting back in Dec.2016) and the reason is just to see what it's like, and also to have to not have coffee. I love having a cup, and maybe this will make me more mindful of it)
* Self portrait ever Friday. (the only way to get better is to try)


My unoffical goals include always answering email within 24 hours, and to try and keep the vegetarian fridays thing going, and trying to be more organized in general, taking the time when I start something to figure out how it should be ordered and organized, instead of thinking of that as a second step only.

Maybe I'll try to post every Friday as well, but for today, here's your shot of my mug :)